updating fwlinks inside framework (#15546)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/deployment/guide-for-administrators.md

> [!NOTE]
> The software referenced in this document, including, without limitation, the .NET Framework 4.5, System Center Configuration Manager, and Active Directory, are each subject to license terms and conditions. These instructions assume that such license terms and conditions have been reviewed and accepted by the appropriate licensees of the software. These instructions do not waive any of the terms and conditions of such license agreements.
>

> > For information about support for the .NET Framework, see [Microsoft .NET Framework Support Lifecycle Policy](https://support.microsoft.com/help/17455/lifecycle-faq-net-framework) on the Microsoft Support website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For information about support for the .NET Framework, see [.NET Framework Support Policy](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/platform/support/policy/dotnet-framework) on the Microsoft Support website.
```

|------------|-----------------|
|**/q**|Sets quiet mode. No user input is required, and no output is shown.|
|**/norestart**|Prevents the Setup program from rebooting automatically. If you use this option, Configuration Manager must handle the computer restart.|

> |**/chainingpackage** *PackageName*|Specifies the name of the package that is doing the chaining. This information is reported with other installation session information for those who have signed up for the [Microsoft Customer Experience Improvement Program (CEIP)](https://www.microsoft.com/pt-br/). If the package name includes spaces, use double quotation marks as delimiters; for example: **/chainingpackage "Chaining Product"**.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**/chainingpackage** *PackageName*|Specifies the name of the package that is doing the chaining. This information is reported with other installation session information for those who have signed up for the Microsoft Customer Experience Improvement Program (CEIP). If the package name includes spaces, use double quotation marks as delimiters; for example: **/chainingpackage "Chaining Product"**.|
```
